PREGUNTA:RESPUESTA
You cannot wake up someone who is pretending to be asleep.
If someone does not want to hear what you say, there is no way you can make him.
If a person does not show clearly to you what he looks like, observe how his friends are
Sometimes our friends can show who we are, more than ourselves.
Some darkness is necessary to see the stars
The bad moments of life are those that make us stronger and make us value the good things we have in our lives.
The smaller action is better than the biggest intention
Talking about doing things for others does not work, you must do them.
The problem is that you think you have time
If you continually leave your personal development for later, may be one time you realize it’s too late…
The real battle is against yourself
It is our own emotions and harmful habits that we must overcome, because doing so is the only way we can be at peace, regardless of the external circumstances 
Only the present moment exists
The past no longer exists, and the future does not exist yet. Time is an illusion created by the mind.
Everything is perfect just as it is
Everything happens for a reason. Not knowing that reason does not mean that the reason does not exist.
The sensations are not the cause of attachment, the cause of attachment is the obsession to reach those pleasurable sensations.
The pleasurable sensations in themselves are not more than that: sensations. A pleasant moment that will soon pass, and that will not bring us much less the great happiness we expected. However, the strong obsession that sometimes traps us to achieve these sensations, that yes that can be a serious loss, both to us, as to others.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional
In life there will always be hard circumstances that cause us pain, but it is how we take them that will cause a perdurable suffering, or not.
Search through books, find through meditation
The left hemisphere of our brain is the logical and rational. The right is the emotional and intuitive, which is more active when we meditate, practice yoga, mindfulness, etc. And there are answers that require our intuitive mind, not just our rational mind.
Fear makes the wolf bigger than it is
Fear makes us magnify the negative part of things
Half of life passes by before we know what life is
We dedicate very little time to reflect about life, and our life purpose
The biggest problem with communication is that we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply
That is why we hardly see that truth is usually in the middle.
Do you want to know how you were in the past? Look at how you are now. Do you want to know how you will be in the future? Look what you do now.
Many actions form habits, and these habits become our personality. 
Before trying to change the world, have a walk around your home.
Before starting the difficult task of changing the world, it is necessary to change oneself.
Wise men hardly talk. Ignorant men hardly shut up.  
Wise men have no need to show anything to others, that is why they don’t talk more than necessary.
Correct a wise man and you will make him wiser. Correct an idiot and you will make him your enemy.
If you feel that the other person is not going to listen to your advice, maybe it's best to keep quiet. 
If something is not solved by turning the page, you can solve it by changing the book
Sometimes the best solution is to leave people whose attitude is toxic and negative, and who are not willing to change.
The wolf will always be bad one if we only listen to Little Red Riding Hood.
You always have to listen to both versions of an argument.
Stop looking for happiness in the same place where you lost it.
There are relationships or experiences through which we may feel very attracted, not being able to realize that we will only find more suffering in them.
We have two lives; the second begins when we realize that we only have one.
We tend to believe that we will never die, that accidents and illnesses only happen to others, and that old age is still far away. But sometimes a hard experience, can make us realize how fragile, valuable and full of possibilities life is. When that happens, change is inevitable, and it's like being reborn.
The best things in life are not things.
Material objects give us a satisfaction that lasts very little. Whereas learning things, doing new things, helping others, can make us feel truly alive.
The greater the chaos, the closer the solution is.
After the storm comes the calm.
The best moments of life are not published, are enjoyed!
Sometimes we miss the best moments and by being hooked to our mobile and to social networks ...
You change your life, and suddenly ... your life changes!
Our life cannot change if we continue to do the same things and with the same attitude. When we change, our life changes.
Only with the heart you can see clearly. The essential is invisible to the eyes.
The appearances that come to us through our eyes do not show the inner qualities of the person in front of us.
He turned on the TV to turn off his life ...
We often watch TV to forget about our daily problems. But is it worth it to spend most of our time waiting for those few pleasant moments to arrive?
Do yourself a favour and kick out of your life the person who has kicked you out of his.
If someone does not want to be with us, the best thing we can do is turn the page
A tiger does not suffer insomnia because of the opinion of the sheep.
Cultivate your own criteria without caring what others think or say.
Whatever the cause of your suffering, do not hurt another.
When we feel bad, aggrieved, guilty, or caught by a harmful emotion, we tend to get angry with the first person we find, even if that person is not guilty of anything.
The devil whispered in my ear 'you are not strong enough to resist the storm'. I whispered to the devil in his ear 'I am the storm'.
External circumstances can harm us if we resist to them. But if we accept them as a part of our path, they will harm us no more.
If you want to know someone, do not listen to what others talk about that person. Listen to what that person talks about others.
The person who speaks bad things of others, usually is only projecting negativities from inside.  
Contentment is natural wealth. Luxury is artificial poverty.
True well-being is contentment: a natural state of joy and calm that arises from within, not from outside.
In the West we have turned to the outside. In the east towards the inside.
In the West we have acquired a big development and a great control over the environment in which we live. In the East, on the other hand, there are some gurus who have attained a great master in meditation and contentment coming from the inside.
I only know that I know nothing
In relation to how huge knowledge can be, ours is so insignificant that it could be considered as non-existent.
We do not live in a time of changes, we live a change of time.
We live in a unique moment in which changes will emerge more and more quickly. Technology, robotization, digitalization, climate change, are opportunities and threats that will change society in a short space of time. Probably much more than we can imagine.
You must have the absolute certainty that you are not who you think you are ... you are much more!
We all have an unimaginable potential to discover.
You will be happy, Life told me, but first I will make you strong.
Sometimes having a hard time can make an unexpected change in our lives, from which we come up stronger.