INDIVIDUO:PREGUNTA:RESPUESTA
guerrero1
I – Say at least one advantage of being assertive when someone behaves in a way that bothers you.
I don’t give further thought to that which bothers me so much, and this way I don’t run the risk of losing my temper at any given moment.<br>I use the means I have to solve that which makes me uncomfortable.<br>I allow the other to know that their way of behaving wounds me, so I give him the opportunity to stop behaving that way.
guerrero2
I – Say at least one example of the typical conflict situation in which it’s better to stay silent and express your point of view later.
When I am tense.<br>When the other person is tense.<br>When I see the other person isn’t available to listen at that moment.
guerrero2
II – Say at least one thing it’s convenient to think about before saying something that could be sensitive to the other one.
If what I’m going to say is true.<br>If it’s convenient to say it at that time.<br>If it’s beneficial to say it.
guerrero3
I – Say at least one situation in which active listening could be beneficial.
It can avoid conflicts caused by misunderstandings.<br>It can allow myself to learn something new.<br>It’ll make the other person who is talking to me feel listened to and understood.
guerrero3
II – Say at least one fact or reason that influences us to often not listen the other one with attention.
The fact of being thinking about what I’m going to reply.<br>Believing I cannot learn anything from what I’m being told.<br>Having a disagreement with the other one and not wanting to understand his point of view.
guerrero4
I – Say at least one reason why often when we do something that wounded someone else, we have a hard time admitting it.
Because my ego can feel wounded.<br>Because I didn’t stop to think about how what I did made the other one feel.<br>Because I only see things from my point of view and because of that I can get to think that I have all the reason to do what I did, even if it hurt the other one.
guerrero4
II – Say at least one advantage that has for oneself the fact of apologizing to the other one when I did something that hurt him.
I’ll feel better with myself.<br>The other one will turn over a new leaf more easily, upon realizing that I’m aware that I hurt him and I intend to make amends.<br>I’ll be showing that I’m not ashamed of admitting my mistakes.
guerrero5
I – Say at least one advantage that has for you the fact of forgiving someone who hurt you.
That I’ll turn over a new leaf and feel better.<br>That my relationship with the other one at the very least won’t get worse, so it’ll be more difficult that he tries to hurt me again in the future.<br>That I’ll be able to put my attention on more pleasant things than feeling rancor towards someone, which is something that only hurts me.
guerrero5
II – Say at least one reason why forgiving is not just different from forgetting, but is also the best way to prevent the harm done to you from repeating in the future.
Because resentment will just make the experience to be recorded in my subconscious as a negative memory that my brain would try to forget. By nullifying the resentment I’ll remember what happened better, which will make me learn more from the experience so that it doesn’t repeat in the future.<br>Because by not being emotionally affected by the resentment’s poison, I’ll be able to act with greater wisdom when it comes to use the means to prevent the other one from hurting me in the future.<br>Because the person that hurt me might feel disconcerted when seeing I don’t feel ill will to them after their affront, which will make them not feel as strong if they’re still thinking about doing something to me.
guerrero5
III – At least reflect on the other one that could help you forgive him when he did something that hurt you.
The other one was dominated by their negative emotions and wasn’t free.<br>The other one was unable to feel empathy: even though intellectually he could get to know he was hurting me, he was unable to understanding it or feeling it.<br>The other one was dominated by ignorance that led you to wrongly believe he was legitimated and justified to do what he did. He was unable to put himself on my shoes, it’s not that he chose not to do it, but that he couldn’t.